every year a family of Osprey returns to
the lake near our home to nest
the increasing human presence on the
lake so far doesn't seem to be bothering
them much
but then I noticed that the male Osprey
is flying elsewhere to fish where there
aren't any speedboats the Osprey is an
ambush hunter flying above the lake they
look for the ripples of a fish's fin
near the surface they have to have
incredible eyesight and impeccable
timing
[Music]
the Osprey goes deep into the lake even
sinking below the tip of its upraised
wings
[Music]
it's a lot of work for the male Osprey
to get a fish back to his nest and he
has to do this several times a day
[Music]
he needs his feathers dry to get the
best lift
[Music]
with powerboats criss-crossing his nest
site lake the osprey will have a harder
time feeding his family this summer